# About The Project

This project, it’s about the “Online Shop Management System Program” which was built and developed with C language in CPE100: Computer Programming For Engineers syllabus to solve the problem and helps admin/owner organize their e-commerce / online shop it is able to implement whether with any online store or retail shop, When getting into the program, there will be 3 major functions which are inventory system, accounting system, and point of sales system.

Talking about the features of the major functions. The first one is the inventory function, the admin/owner is able to add/remove item names, update, and look into the detail of item stock. The next one is the accounting function, the admin is able to access historical transactions, track profit daily, weekly, and monthly and import data from receipts to analyze. The last one is the point of sales system, in this function admin can make transactions for users, and check out the cart of customers and the transactions will be recorded to use in other functions. To create those functions, we must apply all of the knowledge we have learned in CPE100: Computer Programming for Engineers, including input and output, array, loop, structure, and file processing. This knowledge must then be used to ensure that the program runs correctly and without any errors or problems. The result of our project shows that the “Online Shop Management System Program” has a user-friendly interface that allows admin/owner to easily manage their online shop and make changes as needed. This program can help businesses streamline their operations and improve efficiency, ultimately leading to better customer satisfaction and increased workflows.
